docs(entity): add recipe for entity adapters with extra selectors (#3912)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/entity/recipes/entity-adapters-with-extra-selectors.md

> # Using Entity Adapters with Extra Selectors

Reviewer: 👍

  on(UserActions.addUser, (state, { user }) => userAdapter.addOne(user, state)),
  on(UserActions.selectUser, (state, { userId }) => ({ ...state, selectedUserId: userId }))
);
</code-example>

Then create the `User` feature using the `createFeature` function. This will generate all basic selectors automatically, and we can specify extra selectors using the `extraSelectors` option.

<code-example header="user.feature.ts">

import { createSelector, createFeature } from '@ngrx/store';

export const userFeature = createFeature({
  name: 'user',
  reducer: userReducer,
  extraSelectors: ({ selectUserState, selectEntities, selectSelectedUserId }) => ({
    ...userAdapter.getSelectors(selectUserState),
    selectIsUserSelected: createSelector(
      selectSelectedUserId,
      (selectedId) => selectedId !== null
    ),
    selectSelectedUser: createSelector(
      selectSelectedUserId,
      selectEntities,
      (selectedId, entities) => selectedId ? entities[selectedId] : null
    ),
  }),
});
</code-example>

In the component, we `inject` the `Store` service from NgRx and select the data we need from the state using the selectors generated by the `createFeature` function.

> <code-example header="userList.component.ts">
> export class UserListComponent{
> 	readonly store = inject(Store);
> 	readonly isUserSelected$ = this.store.select(userFeature.selectIsUserSelected);
>   readonly selectedUser$ = this.store.select(userFeature.selectSelectedUser);
> }
> </code-example>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<code-example header="user-list.component.ts">

import { usersFeature } from './users.state';

@Component({ /* ... */ })
export class UserListComponent{
	private readonly store = inject(Store);

  readonly users$ = this.store.select(usersFeature.selectAll);
	readonly isUserSelected$ = this.store.select(usersFeature.selectIsUserSelected);
  readonly selectedUser$ = this.store.select(usersFeature.selectSelectedUser);
}

</code-example>
```
